hi youtube people here again i am
Legend with the recommendation that I read
many for your gta san andreas in this
Occasion I share a clio mod that
will make his game gta san andreas more
realistic good once downloaded
link file of the description of the
video will be an installer and they give him
double click
remember to read this little notice later
you click on enter for more
information on this mold you
click on the option read me here you will find
all the information and details of this
mod
Now they click on the option that I read
mode will open a window
and open in the folder you created and copy these
two files
and then they go to the gta game directory
San Andreas
and they paste the files inside of their
respective folder I think
and return to the previous window
and they send this folder to the desktop
Once this is done open the program 'the
fishing editor
they click on the blue folder they are
will open a window and look for the
gta san andreas game directory
will be in the models folder and select
the file gta 3 or gta 3 points- img and
they click on open
and then a list will start loading
of files
and then click on the green arrow
down will open a window and
they look for the folder they sent to
desk
they open it and select all the
files after they click on open and
to finish with the installation
they simply click on the blue disc
to save the changes
remember that it is not necessary to make a
backup because the mod brings the
original files in the backup folder
below a video of moore
hello friends as I mentioned
previously this mode will give your game
gta san andreas more realistic then
will allow to dismember a person
using the chainsaw plus its
excellent effect and animations run
there comes Jayson who does not
they looked at the parts of the
people to dismember a person
just keep pressing the
key to shoot in addition this mode
corrects the chainsaw saws
because it adds movement by means of
commands that revolve around him
really realistic good friends we
we see until the next video but by
what not to wake up bitter because I do not have
parachute taguas wash wash xdddd
hello friends is like switching to the camera
one